[build_base] update templates (#34289)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/templates/02_many_model_training/README.md

This template is a quickstart to using [Ray
Tune](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/tune/index.html) for batch
inference. Ray Tune is one of many libraries under the [Ray AI
Runtime](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-air/getting-started.html).
See [this blog
post](https://www.anyscale.com/blog/training-one-million-machine-learning-models-in-record-time-with-ray)
for more information on the benefits of performing many model training
with Ray!

This template walks through time-series forecasting using
`statsforecast`, but the framework and data format can be swapped out
easily \-- they are there just to help you build your own application!

At a high level, this template will:

1.  [Define the training function for a single partition of
    data.](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/tune/tutorials/tune-run.html)
2.  [Define a Tune search space to run training over many partitions of
    data.](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/tune/tutorials/tune-search-spaces.html)
3.  [Extract the best model per dataset partition from the Tune
    experiment
    output.](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/tune/examples/tune_analyze_results.html)

## Installing Dependencies

> First, we\'ll need to install necessary dependencies in the Anyscale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install necessary dependencies in the Anyscale
```

> Workspace. To do so, first open up a terminal, and follow one of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspace. Open up a terminal, and follow one of the
```

following install steps, depending on which size template you picked:

### Install Dependencies (Small-scale Template)

The small-scale template only runs on a single node (the head node), so
we just need to install the requirements *locally*.

``` python

> %pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade

Reviewer 2: Should `%` be removed?

```

### Install Cluster-wide Dependencies (Large-scale Template)

When running in a distributed Ray Cluster, all nodes need to have access
to the installed packages. For this, we\'ll use `pip install --user` to
install the necessary requirements. On an [Anyscale
Workspace](https://docs.anyscale.com/user-guide/develop-and-debug/workspaces),

> this will install packages to a *shared filesystem* that will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this installs packages to a *shared filesystem* that are
```

available to all nodes in the cluster.

``` python
%pip install --user -r requirements.txt --upgrade
```

> Slot in your code below wherever you see the ✂️ icon to build a many

> > model training Ray application off of this template!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> model training Ray application from this template!
```

``` python
import pandas as pd
from pyarrow import parquet as pq
from sklearn.metrics import mean_squared_error

import ray
from ray import tune
from ray.air import session

try:
    from statsforecast import StatsForecast
    from statsforecast.models import AutoARIMA, AutoETS
except ImportError as e:
    raise RuntimeError("Did you follow the steps above to install dependencies?") from e
```

> > ✂️ Replace this value to change the number of data partitions you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ✂️ Replace this value to change the number of data partitions to
```
